ref(self-hosted): Declare self-hosted sentry to be IOPS heavy due to various services (#16294)
getsentry/sentry-docs: develop-docs/self-hosted/index.mdx

We recommend using 32 GB RAM, but it works with 16 GB RAM + 16 GB swap as well. You will not notice a downside if your 16 GB swap is on a high speed disk.

> Self-hosted Sentry relies heavily on disk I/O because it runs databases, message brokers, and other services on a single machine. If you're using a VPS provider that measures IOPS (Input/Output Operations Per Second), we recommend provisioning at least 3000 IOPS for your disk. A high-IOPS disk will significantly improve your Sentry installation's performance. Additionally, configuring a hard IOPS limit helps prevent noisy neighbors and disk saturation issues.

Reviewer: I think `iowait` is much more better measure for issues related to disk.
```suggestion
Self-hosted Sentry relies heavily on disk I/O because it runs databases, message brokers, and other services on a single machine. If you're using a monitoring system that measures IOPS (Input/Output Operations Per Second) and `iowait`, we recommend monitoring `iowait` to see what number is fit for you, for Self-hosted Sentry, `iowait > 10%` of CPU time probably shows your system cannot handle the load. A high-IOPS disk will significantly improve your Sentry installation's performance. Additionally, configuring a hard IOPS limit helps prevent noisy neighbors and disk saturation issues.
```

Author: Thank you, Amin!
